CVAT Architecture documentation update (#8031)
cvat-ai/cvat: site/content/en/docs/administration/advanced/cvat-architecture.md

|                         | Grafana                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | Dashboards                                                                                                     | Data based on the web interface. For more information, see [Analytics](/docs/administration/advanced/analytics/).                                                                                                                                                           |

> | **Data storage NFS**    | RVVX access mode storage is required in case of multi-node deployment. Available with different types of storages: <br><br><li> AWS: Amazon Elastic File System (EFS)<li>Azure: Azure Files with NFS <li>GCP: Filestore NFS  | Contains data required for CVAT operation.s                                                                    | It is necessary to have the capability for multiple mounting (across several nodes) in RWX mode. For more information, see [K8 Deployment with Helm](/docs/administration/advanced/k8s_deployment_with_helm/)                                                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Data storage NFS**    | RVVX access mode storage is required in case of multi-node deployment. Available with different types of storages: <br><br><li> AWS: Amazon Elastic File System (EFS)<li>Azure: Azure Files with NFS <li>GCP: Filestore NFS  | Contains data required for CVAT operations                                                                    | It is necessary to have the capability for multiple mounting (across several nodes) in RWX mode. For more information, see [K8 Deployment with Helm](/docs/administration/advanced/k8s_deployment_with_helm/)                                                               |
```
